SpreeSimpleDelivery
===================

Automatically sets a default shipping method on an order during checkout. This means that a customer does not have to select a shipping method, but still gives us the ability to add tracking numbers and track stock (which is disabled if you use spree config to skip delivery_method during checkout).

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_simple_delivery', github: 'tzukuri/spree_simple_delivery', branch: 'master'
  ```

  The `branch` option is important: it must match the version of Spree you're using.
  For example, use `3-1-stable` if you're using Spree `3-1-stable` or any `3.1.x` version.

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Overrides

* `before_delivery` on `Spree::CheckoutController`.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_simple_delivery/factories'
```

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2017 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License
